Come back.
In this video we are going to check out H-2 email.
And if you know HDMI already then you can just get this video and we're just going to have a quick look
at the very basics of aged him male and female as a script language.
It's not a programming language and it really is therefore creating a structure of a website so a web
site is structured in a certain way and how it is structured is defined with age to e-mail.
So there is a folder HVM out in the right crawler folder and in here I'm going to create a new file
so it's just going to be a text file and I'm going to call that one index that aged female index aged
aged female is the starting age female files of and that's the one that usually comes up when you go
to the front first page of the website so the main domain or front page like Google dot com.
There you have it will be in this age e-mail.
All right so how does age you may look like well an age HMO generally what you have is something called
tags.
So you structure your code in tags or your content in tags.
So for example you have this tag which you open with a less than sign and you close it with a greater
sign.
And that's the case for all tags.
So that's how you have this tag.
And then you have this as an opening tag but then you also have a closing tag.
So a tag is always consisting of two parts.
So this is the opening one and this is the closing one.
So the only difference here is that you use a slash here just before the word or the letter that indicates
what kind of tag does this.
So this here is a p tag which stands for paragraph.
So I can create a paragraph here something like I am content as a paragraph just as an example.
So if I say now save this file I can open it up and I will be able to open it up in a browser.
So if I go into my finder and I go back to the course material and in here to the crawler one is here
right a crawler and then in the HDD folder you will find this HDMI file and you can open it for example
with Google Chrome.
Now as you can see it just says I'm concerned as a paragraph and that's pretty much it.
So that's the code we just developed here.
So nothing too fancy but this is not just a text that doesn't display as you can see it doesn't display
this.
And if you want to see the source code you can always right click and then inspect it.
So if you inspect then you see here on the elements you see what this code looks like.
And even though I just had added this P-TECH in here as you can see there is an H M L tag a head take
a body tag and then within the body tag we have this P-TECH which says I am content as a paragraph.
Right.
So that's pretty much generally the structure.
So you have a P-TECH that's create another p tag.
And then I'm going to put it at the bottom or just below it.
And what that is it's just going to be another paragraph so I can add something like I am the.
Or any other paragraph.
So if I saved that file and I then refreshed this side as you can see I am another paragraph is displayed
here and it's part of the body tag.
So that is generally how you have the structure of an aged female file.
Let's just reproduce that here so we have this team.
I'll tag and at one point it has to close.
So I'm closing the page to him.
I'll take as I usually would close other text as well.
And now all the age HTML code is within those two tags so this code here has to go right in here.
Then there is something else missing.
You usually also have a head tag where you add meta information for example or you have your C S S file
which and which stores how stuff is displayed.
So for example should this be colored in red or should it be colored and black or whatever.
And then you have the body so the body contains all of the information that is displayed on the screen.
So this is going to be where my betakes go.
So now I'm going to cut them all right in here and it really makes sense to use indents here as well.
It's not necessary in the sense that it won't work or it will still work even if you don't have the
indents.
But it's a lot easier to read if you have this structure.
OK so I have this head tag I have this tag and within the body tag I have all of my content.
So I'm going to save that file again and I'm going to refresh here.
And as you see nothing has changed even though I have just added all of the structure but that's because
our modern browsers they already know OK if you have a file which is an aged him file and there is a
p tag in there.
Well it doesn't need all of this additional stuff like aged female body and so forth in order to understand
that this is the structure that is going to need.
So does that automatically for us.
Or did that automatically for us.
But we of course need to understand that that's the structure of the Web site and if we want to build
it correctly then of course we need to use these things here as well.
So these tags like the shemale tag and so forth.
All right so that was the general introduction.
There is one more thing that I would like to show you real quick.
You can even change some minor aspects of your pretax For example I could add a strong here.
What that will do is it will make everything that is within its strong tag thick so it will make it
strong.
So let me really run it as you can see now.
This is written as a bold character.
So the whole sentence is boiled down all right and that's what the strong does.
So there's another tag and we're going to look at multiple tags and go to check out how a web site is
structured in order to understand better how to crawl it and how to get the data that we actually need.
All right so I'd say See you in the next video where we will get HDMI code from a side.
So see you there.